It can benefit professionals and non-professionals alike. 
It can benefit professionals 专业/职业人士 and non-professionals alike. 

It lists the various challenges physicistsare confronting. 
It lists the various challenges physicists 物理学家 are confronting 正视；（使）面 对. 

It describes how some mysteriesof physics were solved. 
It describes how some mysteries 复杂难懂的领域 of physics were solved. 

It is one of the most fascinatingphysics books ever written. 
It is one of the most fascinating 有极大吸引力的，迷人的 physics books ever written. 

Physicists' contribution to humanity.
Physicists' contribution to humanity 人类；仁慈，博爱；人性.

Historical evolutionof modern physics. 
Historical evolution 进化；演变 of modern physics. 

By exposinga lot of mythsin physics.mythologyterminology
By exposing 暴露，揭露 a lot of myths（许多人相信的）错误观念，荒诞说法； 神话 in physics. （mythology；terminology 术语）

By telling anecdotesabout famous professors. 
By telling anecdotes 轶事，趣闻 about famous professors. 

It avoids detailingabstract concepts of physics. 
It avoids detailing 详细说明，详述 abstract concepts of physics. 

It contains a lot of thought-provokingquestions. 
It contains a lot of thought-provoking 发人深省的 questions. 

It demonstrateshow they can become physicists. 
It demonstrates 说明；示范；游行，示威 how they can become physicists. 

The writer is a warm and competentguide to the mysteries of physics. I think it promises enrichmentfor any reader from those who know little about science to the career physicist. 
The writer is a warm and competent 能干的；胜任的；有能力的 guide to the mysteries of physics. I think it promises enrichment 充实；丰富 for any reader from those who know little about science to the career physicist. 

And its refreshingto see a strong curious clever woman adding her voice to the scientific discourseand a field that has been traditionally dominatedby men. 
And it‘s refreshing 消除疲劳的；提神的；令人耳目一新的 to see a strong curious clever woman adding her voice to the scientific discourse 论述；著作；演讲 and a field that has been traditionally dominated 支配；控制 by men. 

I think she has to be commendedfor making an effort to include anecdotes about little known female scientists. 
I think she has to be commended 赞扬 for making an effort to include anecdotes about little known female scientists. 

You know, they were often victimsvictima,of a generation firmly convinced that the womens place was in the home. 
You know, they were often victims 受害者，牺牲者（来自拉丁语 victima,祭 品） of a generation firmly convinced that the women’s place was in the home. 

Ive often heard that medievalglass windows are thicker at the bottom because glass flows like fluid. This, she shows, is not true. The distortionis actually thanks to a peculiarityof the glassmakersprocess. 
I’ve often heard that medieval 中世纪的 glass windows are thicker at the bottom because glass flows like fluid. This, she shows, is not true. The distortion 歪曲 is actually thanks to a peculiarity 特点；怪癖 of the glassmakers’ process. 

Yeah, I like how she cultivatesscientific engagement by providing a host ofdo-it-yourself experiments . 
Yeah, I like how she cultivates 培养；树立 scientific engagement by providing a host of 众多；大量 do-it-yourself experiments . 

From using complex laws of psychics to test whether a spinningegg is cooked, to measuring atmosphere pressure by lifting a piece of cardboard.
From using complex laws of psychics to test whether a spinning 转动 egg is cooked, to measuring atmosphere pressure by lifting a piece of cardboard 纸板；卡纸.

Her hands-on examples make her book a truly interactiveread. 
Her hands-on examples make her book a truly interactive 交互的；互动的；合作的；相互交流的 read. 

Yes, I must say this equation-free book is an ideal readfor scientists of all stripes.
Yes, I must say this equation 等式，方程式-free book is an ideal read 读物 for scientists of all stripes 形形色色的 .

He is too busy to finish his assignmentin time. 
He is too busy to finish his assignment 作业；任务 in time. 

He does not understand the professors instructions.
He does not understand the professor’s instructions 指令；说明.

He has no idea how to proceedwith his dissertation. 
He has no idea how to proceed 继续；接着做；继而做 with his dissertation 专题 论文（尤指大学学位论文）. 

insertassert
insert 插入；assert 主张，断言

Biography. 
Biography 传记；传记作品；传记文学. 

photographtelegraphgrammarprogramdiagramparagraph
photograph；telegraph；grammar；program；diagram；paragraph

Philosophy. 
Philosophy 哲学. 

Improve his cumulativegrade.accumulate
Improve his cumulative 积累的，渐增的 grade. （accumulate） 

List the parameters first. 
List the parameters /pə'ræmɪtə/限定因素；界限，范围 first. 

The general topic I chose is aesthetics. 
The general topic I chose is aesthetics 美学. 

You really need to narrow it down in order to make it more accessible, otherwise you will be writing a book. 
You really need to narrow it down in order to make it more accessible 易使用的； 易得到的, otherwise you will be writing a book. 

Im afraid you have to adhere tothe assigned topic. 
I‘m afraid you have to adhere to 坚持 the assigned topic. 

If you take a look at his biography, you can get a good idea of how his life experiences manifestthemselves in his theories of beauty, specifically the way he looked towards nature as the origin of what we find beautiful. 
If you take a look at his biography, you can get a good idea of how his life experiences manifest 显示；表明 themselves in his theories of beauty, specifically the way he looked towards nature as the origin of what we find beautiful. 

The unprecedentedhigh temperature in Greenland. 
The unprecedented 空前的；前所未有的 high temperature in Greenland. 

The collapseof ice on the northern tip of Greenland. 
The collapse 倒坍；塌下 of ice on the northern tip of Greenland. 

The unusual cold spellin the Arcticarea in October.arch
The unusual cold spell〔某种活动、天气、疾病等的〕一段时间〔通常时间较短〕 in the Arctic 北极的 area in October. （arch 拱门）

It will pose a serious threat tomany species. 
It will pose a serious threat to 对造成严重的威胁 many species. 

Extinctionof Arctic wildlife. 
Extinction 灭绝；绝种；绝迹；消亡 of Arctic wildlife. 

Icelesssummers in the Arctic. 
Iceless 无冰的 summers in the Arctic. 

Emigrationof indigenouspeople. 
Emigration 移民；移民出境；移居国外 of indigenous 土生土长的；本地的 people. 

Better understanding of ecosystems. 
Better understanding of ecosystems 生态系统. 

During the Arctic winter from October to March, the average temperature in the frozennorth typically hovershead+overaround minus 20 degrees 
During the Arctic winter from October to March, the average temperature in the frozen 冻僵的 north typically hovers 徘徊；盘旋（head+over） around minus 20 degrees 

Celsius20. Climate scientists described the phenomenon asstunning. 
Celsius 零下 20 摄氏度. Climate scientists described the phenomenon as “stunning”极具吸引力的；令人惊奇的. 

Weather conditions that drive this bizarre /bz/temperature surgehave visited the Arctic before.
Weather conditions that drive this bizarre /bɪˈzɑː/ 古怪的；奇异的 temperature surge 突然上涨，激增 have visited the Arctic before.

This is troubling as climbing Arctic temperatures combined with rapid sea-ice loss are creating a new type of climate feedback loopwhich could accelerateArctic warming. 
This is troubling as climbing Arctic temperatures combined with rapid sea-ice loss are creating a new type of climate feedback loop反馈回路 which could accelerate（使）加速；（使）加快 Arctic warming.

Indeed, sea-ice cover in the Arctic is melting faster than expected. Without those massesof cooling sea ice, warm air brought to the Arctic can penetratefurther inlandthan it ever did before. 
Indeed, sea-ice cover in the Arctic is melting faster than expected. Without those masses 大量；集中；聚集 of cooling sea ice, warm air brought to the Arctic can penetrate 进入；渗入 further inland 内陆的；内地的 than it ever did before. 

Previously, climate forecastspredicted that Arctic summer ice would disappear entirely by around 2060. 
Previously, climate forecasts 预测 predicted that Arctic summer ice would disappear entirely by around 2060. 

A scientific approach. 
A scientific approach 方式，方法. 

Most people get energizedafter a sufficient rest. 
Most people get energized 充满活力的 after a sufficient rest. 

Most people tend to have finitesource of energy. 
Most people tend to have finite 有限的；有限度的 source of energy. 

It is vital to take breaks between demandingmental tasks. 
It is vital to take breaks between demanding 高要求的；费力的；苛求的 mental tasks. 

It is most important to have confidence in ones willpower. 
It is most important to have confidence in one’s willpower 毅力；意志力. 

They are subject to/change. 
They are subject to 易受某人/事影响；受支配 change. 

According to the study, what matters most is what we think about our will power. 
According to the study, what matters most is what we think about our will power. 

The researchers used a psychological assessmenttool to test the validityof the study.
The researchers used a psychological assessment 评价；估计 tool to test the validity 有效性；正确性 of the study.

They asked such asAfter a challenging mental activity, my energy is depletedand I must rest to get it refueledagain.orI can focus on a mental task for long periods without feeling tired.
They asked such as “After a challenging mental activity, my energy is depleted 耗尽的 and I must rest to get it refueled 加燃料 again.” or “I can focus on a mental task for long periods without feeling tired.”

About half of current jobs might be automated. 
About half of current jobs might be automated 自动化的；机械化的. 

The job market is becoming somewhatunpredictable. 
The job market is becoming somewhat 有点，有几分 unpredictable. 

Machine learning would prove disruptiveby 2013. 
Machine learning would prove disruptive 引起混乱的，扰乱性的，捣乱的 by 2013. 

They are widely applicable for massiveopen online courses. 
They are widely applicable for massive 巨大的；强大的 open online courses. 

It does poorly on frequent, high-volumetasks. 
It does poorly on frequent, high-volume 大容量 tasks. 

It is slow when it comes to trackingnovelthings. 
It is slow when it comes to tracking （录像机的）图像跟踪 novel 新的；新颖的 things. 

It's the most powerful branch of artificial intelligence. 
It's the most powerful branch of artificial intelligence 人工智能. 

My company, Kaggle, operateson the cutting edge ofmachine learning.
My company, Kaggle, operates （企业或机构）经营；管理 on the cutting edge of 处在最前沿的位置 machine learning.

We bring together hundreds of thousands of experts to solve important problems for industry and academia.
We bring together hundreds of thousands of experts to solve important problems for industry and academia 学术；学术界.

This gives us a unique perspectiveon .
This gives us a unique perspective 观点；想法 on .

It started with things like assessing credit riskfrom loan applications, sorting the mail by reading handwritten zip codes.
It started with things like assessing credit risk 信用风险；信用危机 from loan applications, sorting the mail by reading handwritten zip codes 邮政编码.

Over the past few years, we have made dramatic breakthroughs.
Over the past few years, we have made dramatic breakthroughs 取得突破性进展.

Now, given the right data, machines are going to outperformhumans at tasks like this.
Now, given the right data, machines are going to outperform 做得比好；胜过 humans at tasks like this.

We have the ability to connect seemingly different threadsto solve problems we've never seen before. 
We have the ability to connect seemingly different threads 线；相关串连 to solve problems we've never seen before. 

The engineering problems with solarpower. 
The engineering problems with solar 太阳的；太阳能的 power. 

The generation of steamwith the latest technology. 
The generation of steam 蒸汽 with the latest technology. 

The importance of exploringnew energy sources. 
The importance of exploring 探索；探测 new energy sources. 

The theoreticalaspects of sustainableenergy. 
The theoretical 理论的；理论上的；推想的；臆测的 aspects of sustainable 可持 续的 energy. 

Upgradethe citys train facilities. 
Upgrade 提高；改善 the city’s train facilities. 

Build a tankfor keeping calcium oxide. 
Build a tank（储存液体或气体的）箱，罐 for keeping calcium oxide 氧化钙； 生石灰 . 

Collect carbon dioxide/da'ksad/gas. 
Collect carbon dioxide/daɪ'ɒksaɪd/ 二氧化碳 gas. 

As part of the upgrading of its rail yard, Castleman, who is an inventor and selfproclaimedsteam visionary, is campaigningfor a new steam train that runs without any fire and could run on an existing ten kilometer line, drawing tourists and perhaps offering city commutersa green alternativeto their cars.
As part of the upgrading of its rail yard, Castleman, who is an inventor and selfproclaimed 自称的；自封的（含贬义）steam visionary 有远见的人, is campaigning 参加竞选 for a new steam train that runs without any fire and could run on an existing ten kilometer line, drawing tourists and perhaps offering city commuters 每天长途上 班的人；通勤者 a green alternative 可供选择的事物 to their cars.

Castleman wants to build an array ofsolar magnifyingmirrors at one end of the line to collect and focus heat onto water filled tubes. 
Castleman wants to build an array of 大量；一系列 solar magnifying 放大的 mirrors at one end of the line to collect and focus heat onto water filled tubes. 

Energy to drive a steam locomotivecan be stored in other materials besides water. 
Energy to drive a steam locomotive 机车（蒸汽机）can be stored in other materials besides water. 

Another team at Nagoya University in japan has tested calcium compoundas an energy storage material. Heating this chemical compound drives offcarbon dioxide gas, leaving calcium oxide. 
Another team at Nagoya University in japan has tested calcium compound 钙化 合物 as an energy storage material. Heating this chemical compound drives off 赶 走；驱散 carbon dioxide gas, leaving calcium oxide. 

The lack of supervisionby both the nation and local government. 
The lack of supervision 监督；管理 by both the nation and local government. 

The impact of the current economic crisis at home and abroad. 
The impact of the current economic crisis at home and abroad 在国内外. 

It was mainly provided by voluntary services. 
It was mainly provided by voluntary services 志愿服务；自愿服务. 

It mainly catersto the need of the privileged.canteen
It mainly caters 迎合；满足需求；提供服务 to the need of the privileged 有特权 的. （canteen）

It has deterioratedover the past sixty years.aggravate
It has deteriorated 恶化 over the past sixty years. （aggravate 使恶化）

Their longer lifespans. 
Their longer lifespans 寿命. 

They have long been discriminatedagainst. 
They have long been discriminated 不公平对待 against. 

They are vulnerable toillness and diseases. 
They are vulnerable to 易受…的伤害 illness and diseases. 

This required local governments to provide residential accommodationfor older people and supervise care homesrun by independent organizations.
This required local governments to provide residential accommodation 住处；住宅 for older people and supervise care homes〔照料老人或病人的〕护理院 run by independent organizations.

They also provide home and community servicesincluding meals, day centersand home helpersand other subsidizedservices. 
They also provide home and community services 社区服 务 including meals, day centers 日间护理站 and home helpers（家务）女佣 and other subsidized 补贴的；补助的 services. 

The care was substantiallyprovided by voluntary services which work together with local authoritiesas they long had with eligibilitybased on income.
The care was substantially 主要地；大体上 provided by voluntary services which work together with local authorities 当局；官方机构 as they long had with eligibility 适任，合格 based on income.

Today, life expectancyhas risen from 66 for a male at birth in 1948 to around 80 now.
Today, life expectancy 预期寿命 has risen from 66 for a male at birth in 1948 to around 80 now.

Even so, they can rarely without subsidized support addressseriouspersonal needs.
Even so, they can rarely without subsidized support address 解决；处理 serious 重要的 personal needs.

But this increased concern about the lack of coordinationbetween free health and paid for social care.
But this increased concern about the lack of coordination 协调；配合 between free health and paid for social care.

However, at a time of financial crisis, funding diminishedand little changed. 
However, at a time of financial crisis, funding diminished 减少；削弱 and little changed. 

Additionally, those affected by inadequate health and social care are too vulnerable to launchthe protests that have addressed other forms of discrimination. 
Additionally, those affected by inadequate health and social care are too vulnerable to launch 发动；发起 the protests that have addressed other forms of discrimination. 

Just off the coast of Southern California sits Santa Cruz Island, where a magical creature called the island fox dwells.
Just off the coast of Southern California sits Santa Cruz Island, where a magical creature called the island fox dwells〔在某一地方〕居住.

A decade ago, this islands ecosystem was in chaos.
A decade ago, this island’s ecosystem was in chaos 大混乱；紊乱；无秩序状态.

Wild pigs attracted golden eagles from the mainland, and those flying predatorscrashed the fox population.
Wild pigs attracted golden eagles from the mainland, and those flying predators 掠食动物，捕食性动物 crashed the fox population.

So the Nature Conservancylaunched a fierce war againstthe pigs, complete with helicoptersand sharpshooters.
So the Nature Conservancy 管理局；管理机构 launched a fierce war against 发 动 猛 烈 的 攻 击 the pigs, complete with helicopters 直 升 机 and sharpshooters 神枪手；狙击兵.

And it worked. Today, federal agenciesare pulling the island fox from the Endangered SpeciesList.
And it worked. Today, federal agencies 联邦机构 are pulling the island fox from the Endangered Species 濒临绝种的动植物 List.

Its the fastest-ever recovery of a mammal, joining peerslike the Louisiana black bear as glowingsuccesses in the history of the Endangered Species Act.
It’s the fastest-ever recovery of a mammal 哺乳动物, joining peers 同龄人；社会地位相同的人 like the Louisiana black bear as glowing 高度赞许的 successes in the history of the Endangered Species Act 法令；法案.

The Nature Conservancy has declaredwar on a multitude ofinvasive specieshere, from sheep to plants to the aggressiveArgentine ant.
The Nature Conservancy has declared 宣布，声明 war on a multitude of 众多的人 ／事 invasive species 入侵物种 here, from sheep to plants to the aggressive 好斗 的；挑衅的 Argentine ant.

Our philosophywith the island has always been,says ecologist Christina Boser. And it appears to be working. Native plants are coming back, and the fox once again boundsaboutcarefree. 
“Our philosophy 哲学 with the island has always been,’” says ecologist Christina Boser. And it appears to be working. Native plants are coming back, and the fox once again bounds 跳跃 about 到处 carefree 无忧无虑的. 

So Boser has to vaccinateher foxes against various diseases.
So Boser has to vaccinate 给接种疫苗，给…打预防针 her foxes against various diseases.

Were obligatedto keep a pulse on the population for at least five years after the foxes are delisted,says Boser.
“We’re obligated 有义务的 to keep a pulse on the population for at least five years after the foxes are delisted 把从清单中划去；退市,” says Boser.

That includes taggingthe foxes and monitoringtheir numbers to ensure nothing goes wrong.
That includes tagging 涂写名字；涂写符号 the foxes and monitoring 监视；监督 their numbers to ensure nothing goes wrong.

 vaccinevacca1800Edward Jenner
 vaccine 疫苗，来自拉丁语 vacca 母牛，1800 年，英国医生 Edward Jenner 发现 了预防天花的技术，即通过把提取的牛痘病毒疫苗注射入健康人体内使之产生抗体， 以激发人体的免疫系统，从而达到预防天花的目的。

This is the story of the little fox that has come back, and the people who have dedicatedtheir lives to protecting it.
This is the story of the little fox that has come back, and the people who have dedicated 致力于，献身于 their lives to protecting it.

This is the story of wildlife conservationin the age of mass extinction.
This is the story of wildlife conservation 野生动物保护 in the age of mass extinction 灭绝；绝种 .

configuration
configuration 构造，结构；布局，配置

hinder
hinder 阻碍，妨碍

tempt
tempt 劝说，鼓动；诱惑，引诱

underlying
underlying 在下面的；潜在的

Perhaps it is time for farmers to put their feet upnow that robots are used to inspectcrops, dig upweeds, and even have become shepherds, too.
Perhaps it is time for farmers to put their feet up（休息）now that robots are used to inspect（仔细检查；检验）crops, dig up （挖出；开垦）weeds, and even have become shepherds（牧羊人）, too.

Commercial growing fields are astronomicallyhuge and take thousands of man-hours to operate.
Commercial growing fields are astronomically（天文学 上地，天体地；〔价格、费用等〕极巨大地，天文数字地）huge and take thousands of man-hours to operate.

One prime exampleis one of Australias most isolated cattle stations, Suplejack Downs in the Northern Territory, extending across 4,000 square kilometers, taking over 13 hours to reach by car from the nearest major townAlice Springs.
One prime example（最好的例子）is one of Australia’s most isolated cattle stations, Suplejack Downs in the Northern Territory（领土；版图；领 地）, extending across 4,000 square kilometers, taking over 13 hours to reach by car from the nearest major town – Alice Springs.

The extreme isolation of these massive farms leaves them often unattended, and monitored only once or twice a year, which means if the livestockfalls ill or requires assistance, it can be a long time for farmers to discover.
The extreme isolation of these massive farms leaves them often unattended（无人照 看的，无人看管的）, and monitored only once or twice a year, which means if the livestock（牲畜；家畜）falls ill or requires assistance, it can be a long time for farmers to discover.

Robots are currently under a two-year trial in Wales which will trainfarmbotsto herd, monitor the health of livestock, and make sure there is enough pasturefor them to graze on.
Robots are currently under a two-year trial in Wales which will train “farmbots” to herd （兽群；牧群）, monitor the health of livestock, and make sure there is enough pasture （牧场）for them to graze on（吃）.

The robots are equipped with many sensors to identify conditions of the environment, cattle and food, using thermaland vision sensors that detect changes in body temperature.
The robots are equipped with many sensors to identify conditions of the environment, cattle and food, using thermal（热的）and vision sensors that detect changes in body temperature.

Youve also got color, textureand shape sensors looking down at the ground to check pasture quality,says Salah Sukkarieh of the University of Sydney, who will carry out trials on several farms in central New South Wales.
“You’ve also got color, texture（手感；质感；质地）and shape sensors looking down at the ground to check pasture quality,” says Salah Sukkarieh of the University of Sydney, who will carry out trials on several farms in central New South Wales.

During the trials, the robot algorithms() and mechanicswill be finetunedto make it better suited to ailinglivestock and ensure it safely navigatesaround potential hazardsincluding trees, mud, swamps, and hills.
During the trials, the robot algorithms(算法) and mechanics（运作方式）will be finetuned（微调；调整）to make it better suited to ailing（生病的）livestock and ensure it safely navigates（导航；航行）around potential hazards（危害；危险；障碍）including trees, mud, swamps（沼泽；湿地）, and hills.

We want to improve the quality of animal health and make it easier for farmers to maintain large landscapes where animals roam free,says Sukkarieh.
“We want to improve the quality of animal health and make it easier for farmers to maintain large landscapes where animals roam free（自由地闲逛）,” says Sukkarieh.

The robots also learn the most efficient and safest passages, and allow engineers and farmers to analyze and better optimizethe attributesand tasks of the robot, as well as provide a live streamgiving real-timefeedback on exactly what is happening on the farms.
The robots also learn the most efficient and safest passages, and allow engineers and farmers to analyze and better optimize（使最优化，使尽可能完善，使尽量有效）the attributes （属性）and tasks of the robot, as well as provide a live stream（现场直 播）giving real-time（实时的）feedback on exactly what is happening on the farms.

However, it is farmers that are pushing for the advancements due to ever-increasing labor vacancies, making it difficult to maintainlargescaleoperations.
However, it is farmers that are pushing for the advancements due to ever-increasing labor vacancies（空位，空缺）, making it difficult to maintain（保持；维持）largescale （大规模的；大范围的）operations（运作；运营）.

Future farms will likely experience a greater deal of autonomyas robots take up more and more farm work efficiently.
Future farms will likely experience a greater deal of autonomy（自治；自主）as robots take up more and more farm work efficiently.

Upgradefarm produce.
Upgrade（使升级；提高；改善）farm produce（农产品）.

Modifythe genes of crops.
Modify（修改，更改，改进，改造）the genes of crops.

Take upmany of the farmersroutines.
Take up（开始从事）many of the farmers’ routines（常规；惯例；日常方式）.

Help farmers simplifytheir farming tasks and management.
Help farmers simplify（使简易，使简单，简化）their farming tasks and management.

Robotics technology is maturing.
Robotics technology is maturing（成熟）.

Passage Two The public must be able to understand the basics of science to make informeddecisions.
Passage Two The public must be able to understand the basics of science to make informed（有根 据的）decisions.

Perhaps the most dramatic example of the negative consequences of poor communication between scientists and the public is the issue of climate change, where a variety of factors, not the least of which is a breakdownin the transmission of fundamental climate data to the general public, has contributed to widespread mistrust and misunderstanding of scientists and their research.
Perhaps the most dramatic example of the negative consequences of poor communication between scientists and the public is the issue of climate change, where a variety of factors, not the least of which is a breakdown（崩溃；失 败）in the transmission of fundamental climate data to the general public, has contributed to widespread mistrust and misunderstanding of scientists and their research.

The issue of climate change also illustrateshow the public acceptance and understanding of science (or the lack of it) can influence governmental decision-making with regard toregulation, science policy and research funding.
The issue of climate change also illustrates（〔举例〕说明，阐明；给〔书籍、文章等〕 加插图）how the public acceptance and understanding of science (or the lack of it) can influence governmental decision-making with regard to （关于；至于；考虑到） regulation, science policy and research funding.

It is also critical for socially charged neuroscienceissues such as the genetic basis for a particular behavior, the therapeuticpotential of stem cell therapyfor neurodegenerativediseases, or the use of animal models, areas where the public understanding of science can also influence policy and funding decisions.
It is also critical for socially charged neuroscience（〔研究大脑的〕神经科学）issues such as the genetic basis for a particular behavior, the therapeutic（治疗的） potential of stem cell therapy（干细胞疗法）for neurodegenerative（神经变性的）diseases, or the use of animal models, areas where the public understanding of science can also influence policy and funding decisions.

Furthermore, with continuing advances in individual genome () sequencing(DNA)and the adventof personalized medicine, more non-scientists will need to be comfortable analyzing complex scientific information to make decisions that directly affect their quality of life.
Furthermore, with continuing advances in individual genome (基因组) sequencing（ (对基因、DNA 的)排序）and the advent （ 出 现 ， 到来 ） of personalized medicine, more non-scientists will need to be comfortable analyzing complex scientific information to make decisions that directly affect their quality of life.

Science journalismis the main channel for the popularizationof scientific information among the public.
Science journalism （新闻业；新闻工作）is the main channel for the popularization （通俗化，大众化；普及）of scientific information among the public.

Much has been written about how the relationship between scientists and the media can shape the efficient transmission of scientific advances to the public.
Much has been written about how the relationship between scientists and the media can shape the efficient transmission of scientific advances to the public.

Good science journalists are specialists in making complex topics accessible toa general audience, while adhering toscientific accuracy.
Good science journalists are specialists in making complex topics accessible to（易到达的；易得到的）a general audience, while adhering to（坚持）scientific accuracy.

Unfortunately, pieces of science journalism can also oversimplifyand generalize their subject material to the point that the basic information conveyed is obscured or at worst, obviously wrong.
Unfortunately, pieces of science journalism can also oversimplify （陈述过于简略， 使过于简单化）and generalize their subject material to the point that the basic information conveyed is obscured or at worst, obviously wrong.

The impact of a basic discovery on human health can be exaggerated so that the public thinks a miraculouscure is a few months to years away when in reality the significance of the study is far more limited.
The impact of a basic discovery on human health can be exaggerated so that the public thinks a miraculous （不可思议的；神奇的；非凡的）cure is a few months to years away when in reality the significance of the study is far more limited.

We believe that at least part of the problem lies in places other than the interaction between scientists and members of the media, and exists because for one thing we underestimatehow difficult it is for scientists to communicate effectively with a diversity of audiences, and for another most scientists do not receive formal training in science communication.
We believe that at least part of the problem lies in places other than the interaction between scientists and members of the media, and exists because for one thing we underestimate（低估；看轻；轻视）how difficult it is for scientists to communicate effectively with a diversity of audiences, and for another most scientists do not receive formal training in science communication.

Common folksscientific knowledge can swaypolicy making.
Common folks’ scientific knowledge can sway（摇摆；影响某人；使改变看法） policy making.

It is keen ontransmitting sensationalinformation.
It is keen on （热衷于）transmitting sensational（轰动的；耸人听闻的；极 好的）information.

Stimulatepublic interest in science.
Stimulate（刺激，促进；激发，鼓励）public interest in science.

Becoming a professional photographer.
Becoming a professional photographer（摄影师；照相师）.

photon
 photon 光子；

photosynthesis
photosynthesis 光合作用；

photophobia
photophobia 畏光（症）；

acrophobia
acrophobia 恐 高症；

choice phobia disorder
choice phobia disorder

They make an impressive album.
They make an impressive album（〔歌曲或音乐的〕专辑；〔收存照片、邮票等的〕 簿，册）.

They record her fond memories. 
They record her fond memories（愉快的回忆）. 

My dream is to become an online celebrityof sorts.
My dream is to become an online celebrity（名人，明星；著名，名誉） of sorts （勉强称得上的，勉强算的）.

A lot of people liked my photos and started asking me for travel tips.
A lot of people liked my photos and started asking me for travel tips.

So I figuredId give it a go.
So I figured （〔经过考虑后〕认为，以为）I’d give it a go（试一试）.

Recently, Ive been spending a lot more time editing photos, posting online and clearingstorage on my phone.
Recently, I’ve been spending a lot more time editing photos, posting online and clearing（清除；清理）storage on my phone.

I spent all last weekend researching what topics are popular, what words to use in captionsand similar accounts to follow.
I spent all last weekend researching what topics are popular, what words to use in captions（题注；字幕；插图说明）and similar accounts to follow.

That is impressive.
That is impressive（令人钦佩的，给人深刻印象的）.

Now that I think about it, theres always something wrong with my photos as it ishalf smiles, closed eyes, messy hair.
Now that I think about it, there’s always something wrong with my photos as it is—half smiles, closed eyes, messy hair（凌乱的头发）.

A journalreporting the latest progress in physics.
A journal（期刊；杂志） reporting the latest progress in physics.

Sources of radiation.
Sources of radiation（辐射）.

Particle theory.
Particle theory（粒子理论）.

How matter collideswith anti-matter.
How matter collides（碰撞；抵触，冲突）with anti-matter（反物质）.

Whether the universe will turn barren.
Whether the universe will turn barren（贫瘠荒芜的；不孕不育的；沉闷无趣的）.

I guess that would be fair to say, spend most of my time studying The Big Bang Theoryand where our university came from.
I guess that would be fair to say, spend most of my time studying The Big Bang Theory（宇宙大爆炸理论） and where our university came from.

That may sound odd, but the fact is at the moment of the big bang, both matter and anti-matter were created for a short time, and I mean just a fractionof a second.
That may sound odd（奇特的；异常的；古怪的）, but the fact is at the moment of the big bang, both matter and anti-matter were created for a short time, and I mean just a fraction（少量；一点） of a second.

The whole universe was a super-hot soup of radiation filled with these particles.
The whole universe was a super-hot soup of radiation filled with these particles.

So whats baffledscientists for so long iswhy is there a universe at all?14 Exactly.
So what’s baffled（阻碍；使迷惑）scientists for so long is “why is there a universe at all?” 14 Exactly.

Matter and the now more exoticanti-matter would have had little space to avoid each other.
Matter and the now more exotic（异国的；外来的）anti-matter would have had little space to avoid each other.

Because there was slightly more matter, the collisions quickly depletedall the anti-matter and left just enough matter to create stars, planets, and eventually us.
Because there was slightly more matter, the collisions quickly depleted （使减少；耗尽…的资源）all the anti-matter and left just enough matter to create stars, planets, and eventually us.

1She found some symptomsof her illness gone.
篇章 1： She found some symptoms（症状；症候）of her illness gone.

In this weeks edition of special serieson BizarreMedical Conditions, theres a report of the case of Michelle Myers.
In this week’s edition of special series（系列事件；系列片；系列节目）on Bizarre（古 怪的，奇异的） Medical Conditions, there’s a report of the case of Michelle Myers.

The condition is most often caused by a strokeor traumaticbrain injury.
The condition is most often caused by a stroke （中风）or traumatic（痛苦难忘 的；造成精神创伤的）brain injury.

Although people with the syndrome have intelligiblespeech, their manner of speaking is altered in terms oftiming and tongue placement, which may distort their pronunciation.
Although people with the syndrome have intelligible （〔言语、文章或想法〕明白易懂的）speech, their manner of speaking is altered in terms of（依据；按照；在…方面）timing and tongue placement, which may distort their pronunciation.

Its not clear whether Myers has experienced a stroke or other brain damage, but she also has separate medical condition which can result in loose joints, easily bruisedskin and other problems.
It’s not clear whether Myers has experienced a stroke or other brain damage, but she also has separate medical condition which can result in loose joints（关节疏松）, easily bruised（青肿的；瘀紫的）skin and other problems.

21They were prohibitedfrom swimming.
篇章 2： 1They were prohibited（禁止，阻止） from swimming.

inhibitexhibitThey had a unique notionof modesty.
 inhibit 阻碍，抑制；exhibit 展览，展示 They had a unique notion（概念；观点；看法）of modesty.

notenoticenotablenotifyannotatenotorious1She was an advocateof womens right to swim in public pools.
 note；notice；notable；notify；annotate 注释；notorious 臭名昭著的 1She was an advocate（提倡者；拥护者；鼓吹者）of women’s right to swim in public pools.

There is something about water that makes it a good metaphorfor life.
There is something about water that makes it a good metaphor（隐喻；暗喻） for life.

That may be one reason why so many people find relief in swimming when lifes seas get rough.
That may be one reason why so many people find relief in swimming when life’s seas get rough（艰难的；粗糙的；粗略的）.

These books reflect a trend, particularly strong in Britain, where swimming in pools is declining, but more and more folks are opting foropen water.
These books reflect a trend, particularly strong in Britain, where swimming in pools is declining, but more and more folks are opting for（选择） open water.

Her new book, Swell, interweaves[]her own story with a history of female pioneers, who accomplished remarkable feats and paved the way for future generations.
Her new book, Swell, interweaves（交织，紧密相关[结合]）her own story with a history of female pioneers, who accomplished remarkable feats and paved the way for future generations.

Build a machine that can detectlies.detective
Build a machine that can detect（发现；察觉）lies.  （detective 侦探）

Test the credibilityof court evidence.incrediblecredit
Test the credibility（可靠性；可信度）of court evidence.  （incredible；credit）

Develop a magneticbrain scanner.magnet
Develop a magnetic（具有磁性的）brain scanner.  （magnet 磁铁） 

They are scepticalof its reliability. 
They are sceptical（持有怀疑态度的，不相信的）of its reliability. 

It may intrudeinto peoples privacy.
It may intrude（打扰；干涉；侵扰）into people’s privacy.

It does not sound economical.
It does not sound economical（经济的，节约的）.

Psychologists call themmasters of deceptionFor decades, researchers and law enforcementagencies have tried to build a machine that will do the same thing.
Psychologists call them “masters of deception（欺骗行为）” For decades, researchers and law enforcement（强制执行；强迫）agencies have tried to build a machine that will do the same thing.

The company might be very optimistic, but the ability of their machine to detect deception has not provided credibleproof.
The company might be very optimistic, but the ability of their machine to detect deception has not provided credible（可信的；可靠的）proof.

These differences may elicitdifferent brain responses.
These differences may elicit（〔从某人处〕套出 〔信息〕；引起〔某人的反应〕）different brain responses.

We dont know the answer, because studies done on how reliable this machine is have not yet been duplicated.
We don’t know the answer, because studies done on how reliable this machine is have not yet been duplicated （复制；复写）.

Much more research is badly needed.
Much more research is badly needed.

Whether the technology is eventually deemedreliable enough for the courts will ultimately be decided by the judges.
Whether the technology is eventually deemed （认为） reliable enough for the courts will ultimately be decided by the judges.

Instead, thoughts make sense only in reference tothe individuals external 16 world.
Instead, thoughts make sense only in reference to（关于） the individual’s external 16 world.

So while there may be insightsto be gained from matching behavior to brain activity, those insights will not necessarily lead to justice in a court or law.
So while there may be insights（深刻见解；洞察力）to be gained from matching behavior to brain activity, those insights will not necessarily lead to justice in a court or law.

Problems surround the use of machines to spot deception, at least until it has been rigorouslytested.
Problems surround the use of machines to spot deception, at least until it has been rigorously（严厉地；残酷地）tested.

Some of its indigenouslanguages are dying out.indi+gen
Some of its indigenous（本地的；土生土长的）languages are dying out.  （indi+gen 产生） 

They are spread randomlyacross the world. 
They are spread randomly（随便地；任意地）across the world. 

More are found in tropical regionsthan in the mild zones.  
More are found in tropical regions（热带地区）than in the mild zones（温带地 区）.  

They identified distinct patterns of language distribution.
They identified distinct patterns of language distribution（分布）.

Their conclusions do not correspond totheir original hypotheseshypothesis.
Their conclusions do not correspond to（符合；相一致）their original hypotheses （hypothesis 假设；假说）.

There is no conclusiveaccountfor the cause of language diversity.
There is no conclusive（结论性的；令人确信的，毫无疑问的） account（描述） for the cause of language diversity.

Last week, I attendeda research workshopon an island in the South Pacific.
Last week, I attended（参加，出席） a research workshop（研讨会；研习班）on an island in the South Pacific.

In many cases, you could stand at the edge of one village and see the outskirtsof the next community.
In many cases, you could stand at the edge of one village and see the outskirts（市郊；郊区）of the next community.

According to recent work by my colleagues at the Max Planck Institute for the Science of Human History, this island, just 100 kilometers long and 20 kilometers wide, is home to speakers of perhaps 40 different indigenous languages.
According to recent work by my colleagues at the Max Planck Institute for the Science of Human History, this island, just 100 kilometers long and 20 kilometers wide, is home to speakers of perhaps 40 different indigenous languages.

How come humans speak so many languages? And why are they so unevenlyspread across the planet? As it turns out, we have few clear answers to these fundamental questions about how humanitycommunicates.
How come humans speak so many languages? And why are they so unevenly（不均 衡地；不平坦地；不平行地）spread across the planet? As it turns out, we have few clear answers to these fundamental questions about how humanity （ 人 类 ） communicates.

Most people can easily brainstorm possible answers to these intriguing17questions.
Most people can easily brainstorm possible answers to these intriguing（非常有趣 17 的；迷人的）questions.

But when our diverse team of researchers from six different disciplinesand eight different countries began to review what was known, .
But when our diverse team of researchers from six different disciplines（科目）and eight different countries began to review what was known, .

The studies also ran up againstmany methodologicalchallenges, the biggest of which centered on the old statistical sayingcorrelation does not equal causation.
The studies also ran up against（碰到） many methodological（方法的；方法论的） challenges, the biggest of which centered on the old statistical saying — correlation does not equal causation（关联不等于因果）.

Its cherisheddream is coming true.
Its cherished（珍爱的；珍视的）dream is coming true.

Success was but a dream without conscientiouseffort.conscience
Success was but a dream without conscientious（勤勉认真的；细心负责的） effort.  （conscience 良知，良心） 

Reduce the administrativecosts.
Reduce the administrative（行政的；管理的） costs.

We often hear people say that America is a land of opportunity, a country built on hope to aspirethe greatness on the American dream.
We often hear people say that America is a land of opportunity, a country built on hope to aspire（追求；渴望；有志于）the greatness on the American dream.

But is the dream as we once knew it dying? Todays demographicsshow that the middle-class is disappearing and now the richest 1% of the population has amassed more wealth than the bottom 90%Once upon a time, Americans thought that if they worked hard enough, even in the phase of adversity, they would be rewarded with success.
But is the dream as we once knew it dying? Today’s demographics（人口统计资料）show that the middle-class is disappearing and now the richest 1% of the population has amassed more wealth than the bottom 90%。 Once upon a time, Americans thought that if they worked hard enough, even in the phase of adversity（逆境，不幸，厄运）, they would be rewarded with success.

Maybe one day soon, real change will actually be made in our nation and the gap will be eradicated.
Maybe one day soon, real change will actually be made in our nation and the gap will be eradicated（根除；消灭）.

Is there something that we can do to prove that a little compassiongoes a long way?  It is a grimreality that you can have one person who only makes around $13,000 a yearIt partly comes down to profit-drivenbusiness models that are built around low-wage work and part-time jobs that dont provide benefits.
Is there something that we can do to prove that a little compassion（怜悯；同情）goes a long way?  It is a grim（令人担忧的；严肃的；非常糟糕的）reality that you can have one person who only makes around $13,000 a yearIt partly comes down to profit-driven（获利导向；利润驱动）business models that are built around low-wage work and part-time jobs that don’t provide benefits.

Simultaneously, technological advancement and a global economy has 18 reduced the demand for well-paying blue-collar jobs here in the United States.
Simultaneously（同时地）, technological advancement and a global economy has 18 reduced the demand for well-paying blue-collar jobs here in the United States.

The cumulativeeffect of these two factors is that many Americans are forced to take two or more part-time jobs, just to make ends meet.
The cumulative（累积的） effect of these two factors is that many Americans are forced to take two or more part-time jobs, just to make ends meet（收支相抵；量入为出）.

A new study from Michigan State University, though, argues that all studentsincluding high achieverssee a decline in performance when they browse the Internet during class for non-academic purposes.
A new study from Michigan State University, though, argues that all students – including high achievers（取得高成就的人） – see a decline in performance when they browse the Internet during class for non-academic purposes.

To measure the effects of Internet-based distractionsduring class, researchers evaluated500 students taking an introductory psychology class at Michigan State University.
To measure the effects of Internet-based distractions（分心；干扰） during class, researchers evaluated （评价；评估）500 students taking an introductory psychology class at Michigan State University.

Researchers used ACT scores as a measure of intellectual aptitude.
Researchers used ACT scores as a measure of intellectual aptitude（天资；天赋）.

Because previous research has shown that people with high intellectual abilities are better at filteringout distractions, researchers believed .
Because previous research has shown that people with high intellectual abilities are better at filtering（过滤；滤除） out distractions, researchers believed .

College professors are increasingly raising alarm bellsabout the effects smartphones, laptops, and tabletshave on academic performance.
College professors are increasingly raising alarm bells（发出警报） about the effects smartphones, laptops, and tablets（平板电脑）have on academic performance.

A quarter of students report that their use of digital devices during class causes their grades to suffer.
A quarter of students report that their use of digital devices during class causes their grades to suffer（变差，变坏，变糟）.

Professors sometimes implementpolicies designed to minimizestudentsuse of digital devices, and some instructors even confiscate () tablets and phones.
Professors sometimes implement（执行；贯彻；实施）policies designed to minimize （把减至最小量） students’ use of digital devices, and some instructors even confiscate (没收) tablets and phones.

In a world where people are increasingly dependent on their phones, though, such strategiesoften fail.
In a world where people are increasingly dependent on their phones, though, such strategies（策略；战略）often fail.

One international study found that 84% of people say they couldnt go a day without their smartphones.
One international study found that 84% of people say they couldn’t go a day without their smartphones.

Until students are able to resist the pullof social networking, texting, and endlessly surfing the web, they may continue to struggle in their classes.
Until students are able to resist the pull（〔对某人的〕吸引力，影响力） of social networking, texting, and endlessly surfing the web, they may continue to struggle in their classes.

fiscal-fisc-
 fiscal（政府）财政的（-fisc- 篮子，钱篓） 

While human achievements in mathematics continue to reach new levels of complexity, many of us who arent mathematicians at heart (or engineers by trade) may struggle to remember the last time we used calculus ().
While human achievements in mathematics continue to reach new levels of complexity（复杂性；错综复杂）, many of us who aren’t mathematicians at heart (or engineers by trade) may struggle to remember the last time we used calculus (微积 分).

Its a fact not lost on American educators.
It’s a fact not lost on American educators.

Should we change the way math is taught in schools, or eliminatesome courses entirely?  Andrew Hacker, Queens College political science professor, thinks that advanced algebraand other higher-level math should be cut from curriculain favor of courses with more routine usefulness, like statistics.
Should we change the way math is taught in schools, or eliminate（取消；消除） some courses entirely?  Andrew Hacker, Queens College political science professor, thinks that advanced algebra （代数）and other higher-level math should be cut from curricula（课程） in favor of courses with more routine usefulness, like statistics.

We hear on all sides that were not teaching enough mathematics, and the Chinese are running rings aroundus,Hacker says.
“We hear on all sides that we’re not teaching enough mathematics, and the Chinese are running rings around（大大胜过某人） us,” Hacker says.

If youre going to become an aeronautical () engineer, fine.
“If you’re going to become an aeronautical (航空的) engineer, fine.

But most of us arent.
But most of us aren’t.

Instead, Hacker is pushing for more courses like the one he teaches at Queens College: Numeracy.
” Instead, Hacker is pushing for more courses like the one he teaches at Queens College: Numeracy（识数；计算能力）.

There, his students ofcitizen statisticslearn to analyze public information like the federal budget and corporatereports.
There, his students of “citizen statistics” learn to analyze public information like the federal budget and corporate（法人的； 公司的；团体的） reports.

Such courses, Hacker argues, are a remedy for the numerical illiteracyof adults who have completed high-level math like algebra but are unable to calculate the price of, say, a carpet by area.
Such courses, Hacker argues, are a remedy for the numerical illiteracy（文盲；无知）of adults who have completed high-level math like algebra but are unable to calculate the price of, say, a carpet by area.

Pamela Harris, a lecturer at the University of Texas at Austin, has a similar perspective.
Pamela Harris, a lecturer at the University of Texas at Austin, has a similar perspective.

Harris says that American education is suffering from an epidemicoffake mathan emphasis on the rote memorization () of formulasand steps, rather than an understanding of how math can influence the ways we see the world.
Harris says that American education is suffering from an epidemic（流 行病，传染病）of “fake math” – an emphasis on the rote memorization (死记硬背) of formulas（公式）and steps, rather than an understanding of how math can influence the ways we see the world.

All that I ask is that alternativesbe offered instead of putting all of us on the road to calculus.
“All that I ask is that alternatives（替代选择；可供选择的事物）be offered instead of putting all of us on the road to calculus.” 

Lay a solid foundation for...advanced math studies.
Lay a solid foundation for（为...打下坚实的基础） advanced math studies.

Try to arousestudentscuriosity in math.
Try to arouse（引起兴趣／期望等）students’ curiosity in math.

To exert influence on...world development.
To exert influence on（对...施加影响）world development.

For years, the U.S. has experienced a shortage of registered nurses.
For years, the U.S. has experienced a shortage of registered nurses.

The Bureau of Labor Statistics projectsthat while the number of nurses will increase by 19 percent by 2022, demand will grow faster than supply, and that there will be over one million unfillednursing jobs by then.
The Bureau of Labor Statistics projects（预计，推断） that while the number of nurses will increase by 19 percent by 2022, demand will grow faster than supply, and that there will be over one million unfilled（空缺的）nursing jobs by then.

So whats the solution? Robots. Japan is ahead of......the curvewhen it comes to this trend.
So what’s the solution? Robots. Japan is ahead of（比...高；比...强）the curve（曲线）when it comes to this trend.

ToyohashiUniversity of Technology has developed Terapio, a robotic medical cartthat can make hospital rounds, deliver medicationsand other items, and retrieverecords.
Toyohashi（丰桥） University of Technology has developed Terapio, a robotic medical cart（手推车；购物车）that can make hospital rounds（巡视，查房）, deliver medications（药物，药剂） and other items, and retrieve （检索）records.

Robots capable of social engagementhelp with loneliness as well as cognitivefunctioning, but the robot itself doesnt have to engage directly 21it can serve as an intermediaryfor human communication.
Robots capable of social engagement（社交，应酬）help with loneliness as well as cognitive（认知的） functioning, but the robot itself doesn’t have to engage directly 21 – it can serve as an intermediary（调解人；中间人）for human communication.

Telepresencerobots such as MantaroBot, Vgo, and Giraff can be controlled through a computer, smartphone, or tablet, allowing family members or doctors to remotely monitor patients or Skype them, often via a screen where the robotsfacewould be.
Telepresence（远程呈现）robots such as MantaroBot, Vgo, and Giraff can be controlled through a computer, smartphone, or tablet, allowing family members or doctors to remotely monitor patients or Skype them, often via a screen where the robot’s ‘face’ would be.

Its important to note that robotic nurses dont decide courses of treatment or make diagnoses(though robot doctors and surgeons may not be far off.
It’s important to note that robotic nurses don’t decide courses of treatment or make diagnoses（诊断） (though robot doctors and surgeons may not be far off（遥远的； 久远的）.

Instead, they perform routine and laborioustasks, freeing nurses up to attend topatients with immediate needs.
Instead, they perform routine and laborious（费劲的；耗时费力的） tasks, freeing nurses up to attend to（照料）patients with immediate needs.

This is one industry where it seems the integrationof robots will lead to collaboration, not replacement.
This is one industry where it seems the integration（结合；集成；整合） of robots will lead to collaboration, not replacement.

It takes the leadin providing robotic care.
It takes the lead（带头；为首）in providing robotic care.

It has not revolutionizedmedical service in Japan.
It has not revolutionized（使彻底变革，给带来革命） medical service in Japan.

Cater to the needs of...patients for recovering their cognitive capacity.
Cater to the needs of（迎合...的需要）patients for recovering their cognitive capacity.

Facilitatecommunication between patients and doctors or family members.
Facilitate（促进；帮助）communication between patients and doctors or family members.

Doctors and surgeons will soon be laid off.
Doctors and surgeons will soon be laid off（下岗；解雇）.

Robots will not make nurses redundant.
Robots will not make nurses redundant（多余的；累赘的）.

The robotics industry will soon take off.
The robotics industry will soon take off（突然开始成功，开始走红）.

In whats probably the craziest headline Ive ever written, Ive reported that advances in livestock protection are happening with scientists painting eyes on the butts of cows.
In what’s probably the craziest headline I’ve ever written, I’ve reported that advances in livestock protection are happening with scientists painting eyes on the butts of cows.

Researchers in Australia have been devisingand testing a method of trickeryto make lions think they are being watched by the painted 22 eyes on cow butts.
Researchers in Australia have been devising（发明）and testing a method of trickery（欺骗；哄骗）to make lions think they are being watched by the painted 22 eyes on cow butts.

As conservation areasbecome smaller, lions are increasingly coming into contact with human populations, which are expanding to the boundariesof these protected areas.
As conservation areas（保护区）become smaller, lions are increasingly coming into contact with human populations, which are expanding to the boundaries（边界； 界线；界限）of these protected areas.

Efforts like painting eyes on cow butts may seem crazy at first, but they could make actual headwayin the fight for conservation.
Efforts like painting eyes on cow butts may seem crazy at first, but they could make actual headway（取得实际进展）in the fight for conservation.

Lions are primarily ambush () hunters, so when they feel their prey has spottedthem, they usually give up on the hunt.
Lions are primarily ambush (伏击，埋伏) hunters, so when they feel their prey has spotted（发现；注意到）them, they usually give up on the hunt.

testimonies
testimonies（证据，证明，证词） 

protest
 protest 抗议，反对；

testify
testify 作证；证明，证实；

attest
attest 证明，作为（的）证据； 〔尤指在法庭上〕作证，证实；

contest
contest 比赛，竞赛；

contestant
contestant 竞争者；选手； 

detest
detest 憎恶，憎恨，嫌恶；

testament
testament 遗嘱；圣约 

wrestle
wrestle（摔跤；使劲搬动） 

retort
retort（〔愤怒或幽默地〕反驳，回嘴） 

The study included 386 kindergartenersfrom schools in the Fast Track Project, a multi-siteclinical trialin the U.S. that in 1991 began tracking how children developed across their lives.
The study included 386 kindergarteners（幼儿园教师）from schools in the Fast Track Project, a multi-site （多站点）clinical trial（临床试验） in the U.S. that in 1991 began tracking how children developed across their lives.

With this study, researchers examined early academic attention and socio-emotionalskills and how each contributed to academic success into young adulthood.
With this study, researchers examined early academic attention and socio-emotional （社会情感的）skills and how each contributed to academic success into young adulthood.

They found that early attention skills were the most consistent predictorof academic success, and that likabilityby peers also had a modest effect on academic performance.
They found that early attention skills were the most consistent predictor（预示物；预 测器） of academic success, and that likability（可爱） by peers also had a modest effect on academic performance.

By fifth grade, children with early attention difficulties had lower grades and reading 23 achievement scores than their peers.
By fifth grade, children with early attention difficulties had lower grades and reading 23 achievement scores than their peers.

As fifth-graders, children with early attention problems obtained average reading scores at least 3% lower than their contemporariesand grades at least 8% lower than those of their peers.
As fifth-graders, children with early attention problems obtained average reading scores at least 3% lower than their contemporaries（’ 同时代的人；同辈）and grades at least 8% lower than those of their peers.

This was after controlling for IQ, socio-economic status and academic skills at school entry.
This was after controlling for IQ, socio-economic status and academic skills at school entry.

The children we identified as having attention difficulties were not diagnosed with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder () (ADHD), although some may have had the disorder.
“The children we identified as having attention difficulties were not diagnosed with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (注意力缺乏多动症) (ADHD), although some may have had the disorder（失调，紊乱；混乱，骚乱）.

Our findings suggest that even more modest attention difficulties can increase the risk of negative academic outcomes,said David Rabiner, an associate dean of Dukes Trinity College of Arts & Sciences, whose research has focused on ADHD and interventionsto improve academic performance in children with attention difficulties.
Our findings suggest that even more modest attention difficulties can increase the risk of negative academic outcomes,” said David Rabiner, an associate dean of Duke’s Trinity College of Arts & Sciences, whose research has focused on ADHD and interventions（干预；干涉； 处置）to improve academic performance in children with attention difficulties.

We are learning that student success requires a more comprehensive approach, one that incorporatesnot only academic skills but also social, self-regulatoryand attention skills,Dodge said.
“We are learning that student success requires a more comprehensive approach （综合方案；综合办法）, one that incorporates（把〔某事物〕并入；包含）not only academic skills but also social, self-regulatory（自动调节的）and attention skills,” Dodge said.

If we neglect any of these areas, the childs development lags.
“If we neglect any of these areas, the child’s development lags（落后， 拖后）.

If we attend to these areas, a childs success may reinforceitself with positive feedback loops. 
If we attend to these areas, a child’s success may reinforce （加强；加固； 强化）itself with positive feedback loops（反馈回路）. 

The contributorsto childrens early attention.
The contributors （贡献者；参与者）to children’s early attention.

The determinantsof childrens development of social skills.
The determinants（决定因素）of children’s development of social skills.

By attaching equal importance to all possible variablesexamined.
By attaching equal importance to all possible variables（变量）examined.

On Jan 9, 2007, Steve Jobs formally announced Applesrevolutionary mobile phonea device that combined the functionalityof an iPod, phone and Internet communication into a single unit, navigatedby touch.
On Jan 9, 2007, Steve Jobs formally announced Apple’s “revolutionary mobile phone” – a device that combined the functionality（【计算机、软件或设备的】功能）of an iPod, phone and Internet communication into a single unit, navigated（导航，浏览）by touch.

It was a huge milestonein the development of smartphones, 24 which are now owned by a majority of American adults and are increasingly common across the globe.
It was a huge milestone（里程碑；划时代的事件）in the development of smartphones, 24 which are now owned by a majority of American adults and are increasingly common across the globe.

As smartphones have multiplied, so have questions about their impact on how we live and how we work.
As smartphones have multiplied（大大增加）, so have questions about their impact on how we live and how we work.

Often the advantages of convenient, mobile technology are both obvious and taken for granted, leaving more subtletopics for concerned discussion: Are smartphones disturbing childrens sleep? Is an inability to get away from work having a negative impact on health? And what are the implications for privacy?  But today, on the 10th anniversaryof the iPhone, lets take a moment to consider a less obvious advantage: the potential for smartphone technology to revolutionize behavioral science.
Often the advantages of convenient, mobile technology are both obvious and taken for granted（想当然地认为，认为是理所当 然）, leaving more subtle（微妙的；含蓄的；敏感敏锐的） topics for concerned discussion: Are smartphones disturbing children’s sleep? Is an inability to get away from work having a negative impact on health? And what are the implications for privacy?  But today, on the 10th anniversary（周年纪念日） of the iPhone, let’s take a moment to consider a less obvious advantage: the potential for smartphone technology to revolutionize behavioral science.

Researchers have already begun to use smartphones in social scientific research, either to querypeople regularly as they engage in their normal lives or to record activity using the devices built-insensors.
Researchers have already begun to use smartphones in social scientific research, either to query（质疑，提问） people regularly as they engage in their normal lives or to record activity using the device’s built-in（内置的）sensors（传感器；感应器）.

Such studies are just first steps.
Such studies are just first steps.

As more data are collected and methods for analysis improve, researchers will be in a better position to identify how different experiences, behaviors and environments relate to each other and evolve over time, with the potential to improve peoples productivity and wellbeing in a variety of domains.
As more data are collected and methods for analysis improve, researchers will be in a better position to identify how different experiences, behaviors and environments relate to each other and evolve over time, with the potential to improve people’s productivity and wellbeing in a variety of domains（领 域）.

It has been overshadowedby the positive impact.
It has been overshadowed（使〔别的人或事〕显得较不重要，使相形见绌；遮 蔽，遮挡）by the positive impact.

It is subtle but should by no meansbe overstated.
It is subtle but should by no means（决不）be overstated（夸大；夸张；过分强 调）.

It makes use of the questionnairemethod.
It makes use of the questionnaire（问卷；调查表）method.

By helping them pin downtheir unusual behaviors.
By helping them pin down（清楚地知道，确定）their unusual behaviors.

By helping them cope withabnormal situations.
By helping them cope with（处理；应付） abnormal situations.

They are conducted in a more rigorousmanner.
They are conducted in a more rigorous（严格的；缜密的） manner.

They are mainly targetedtowards undergraduates.
They are mainly targeted（把…作为目标） towards undergraduates.
